ansa
bock super rock
to embezzle the team from the team later this month
he should be summoned
by the Colombian team that will make a friendly in the day 22 thousand
once in a while head exits rang out
scarpa
but they are machines
in the last game by figueres
in the 42nd minute of the second half
proper training
in the presentation
nothing in the cbf so that the world can occur
he analyzed
happened and thus a will of the guild
the police and with leaders of são paulo
even in function of jorge wagner although milan tried the contracting
of these players according to the leaders of the
centralized business and take the player to morumbi
with the crisis the fund
got the cross but did not make the cut back for the event
I need a quarry
above the minimum
together with ceará
passed near the goal of rogério ceni the striker borges shot by a
our partial victory
from São Paulo around the world
student conception
must be dominated by one hundred percent of voting rights in transit
now clear that it is difficult to publish
- our purpose is the August date this year
thank you then aboard
lupi pdt and the porto football player will be this year
in the goal shot for the São Paulo
an indecision of the defense
got it togo rogerio ceni was beaten and the ball was passing
albertino antunes from coimbra to skier
more football
to define them
in plenary session
look the ball crossed zé tito crossed the planet highlights
goal shot for the team risks losing their job and football
club
Brasilia in 2007
the theater square
the butt
many players in the team
tied with the Portuguese did not get
on the other hand for you
muta from the head of the apa with the ball round him party and it seems to me so
post and then sea
club waist goes out
the text adopted
network stores
streets and so on
You also appeared in the game.
in the second minute everton fabrício
survey in the diego souza area of ​​the head
another good move from the team
in defense
fourteen minutes after these curriculum bids he had not made during the
every first test
Sao Paulo has conditions
escaped from the mark beat weak
I was able to score the second
in exchange all close this year
only in the attack
who described that he fought to set the game
This type diego and the attacker can cost a sudden 2% and are paulo
gremista denies on blue bicycle
And the hand menezes Gustavo orders to call dubois at that time
so according to him
blushing posing cypriot believing in goalkeeper's face
both disapproved by the supporter
The Judoka really ended up
arriving late in the bid
for another angle
What was on the ball and rogério comes first to clear the move
In spite of everything, I like this event.
everything and will not have to river in the middle to get this ball in the attack of the avaí
It has been little but is warmed up.
the second time had more than one steel dome
the team tries now with Diego souza facing the goal hit hard
left for charging ball stings year
the coach speaks
You are hired
this goal for tuta
arrives in uberaba
Rogerio Ceni
the projovem the itaqui beats from far in the hands of rogério ceni
grenoble read miranda straw is already
the fan got the leftovers
frank shaw with alex silva
with rogério ceni appeared to save sao paulo
reverse the game for milan
there is better time to reach
plays for producers gets heavy
the defender william entered the ball well and kicked the ball all wasted time and
space
and headed hard
it is a right that is a
one of the great players of chile
the pockets
Katy Perry
elton ville a lot of wine being goiano diego souza
is going to change the sao paulo does not give more for the lion of the north but the technician
São Paulo's victory coming
to 34 points
Botafogo
go to 32 look the error in the exit diego tardelli hit pro gol portinho
O
the cell phone
paulo diego tardelli
however a departure from the guild
the category Atlantic center has entered to set the game in favor of the team
paulista
of the new Brazilian championship leader at least until diego tardelli
2 for sao paulo
0 for the team
capricorn day near the goal of diego tardelli
46 minutes and a half to play diego souza
arriving right in the middle and struck a cross over the rogério ceni that made a
great defense
first of sus gave a very violent cart
and now ask each one can take kilos
the end of the game in the Olympic stadium
history of são paulo by 2 to 0 the new leader of the championship